all right today on this 2008 toyota
tundra we're going to install part
number hm40975 and kit for Toyota Tundra
alright help us install this kit we're
also going to use part number one 1/8
1/4 0 from tow ready this is a universal
mounting bracket so we'll start off that
part first go ahead and take it and
attach to the top of the hitch and then
clamp it in place now we're going to
leave this in a slight angle pointing
down just a little bit now we'll have to
make some adjustments later so we'll
just clamp down just tighten it to hold
it in place
now go ahead and take the bracket which
comes in tow package wiring kit attach
it to your universal bracket we'll use
the hardware it comes with the mounting
bracket from tow-ready
kate once we have it in place we can go
ahead and add our 7-pole connector we
put in place into the back edge of a
connector we'll hit up against the hitch
so what we need to do is just bend
bracket out just a little bit to give us
some working room alright after a couple
tests it's where a 7-pole connector
we'll go ahead and install connector
with the provided hardware
let's go all the hardware installed
we'll go ahead and tighten it down for
good next we'll go ahead and loosen up
our bracket that goes directly to your
hitch we'll go ahead just the 7-pole
connector to Lars in a level position
and then we'll go ahead and tighten down
the clamp for good now we'll go ahead
and take to the other end of the
connector and we're up to original tow
package port we plug the two ports
together you want to make sure of it
they push together firm enough and you
can hear them click now since this
vehicle did not have a full tow package
for a hot lead and a brake lead the
other half of a connector will not be
used so we'll simply tape up the end and
secure it out of the way then we'll go
ahead and zip-tie our wires make sure
you're safe and secure and out of the
way this case we zip tie the wires to
existing wiring that's close to the
license plate light alright everything
installed it's a good idea to try it out
with test light before you try it out in
a trailer ok we'll go ahead take your
tester and ground it to the white wire
which we - bare lead next one up will be
a running light circuit and you
typically goes to a brown wire alright
then we'll go ahead and check our left
turn signal which usually goes to a
yellow wire and the very top will be the
right turn signal which is typically a
green wire and then we'll go and check
for brake signal they'll be a solid
signal from the green and yellow wires
all right well that's I'll finish it for
our install of a hopkins tow package
wiring kit part number hm40975
you